1. subjectnum

    1..30  the subject No. for each record

2. activitynum

     1..6   the activity number assigned for each activity

3. activityname

    the subject's posture when the record is taken

     "WALKING" : the subject is walking when record is taken

     "WALKING_UPSTAIRS": the subject is walking upstairs when the record is taken

     "WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS": the subject is walking downstairs when the record is taken

     "SITTING": the subject is sitting when the record is taken

     "STANDING": the subject is standing when the record is taken

     "LAYING": the subject is laying when the record is taken

4. timedomainbodyaccelerometermeanx

    mean of time domain signal with body accelerometer signal in x direction

5. timedomainbodyaccelerometermeany

    mean of time domain signal with body accelerometer signal in y direction

6. timedomainbodyaccelerometermeanz

    mean of time domain signal with body accelerometer signal in z direction

7. timedomainbodyaccelerometerstdx,

    standard deviation of time domain signal with body accelerometer signal in x direction

8. timedomainbodyaccelerometerstdy,

   standard deviation of time domain signal with body accelerometer signal in y direction

9. timedomainbodyaccelerometerstdz

   standard deviation of time domain signal with body accelerometer signal in z direction

10. timedomaingravityaccelerometermeanx,

   mean of time domain signal with gravity accelerometer in x direction

11. timedomaingravityaccelerometermeany

   mean of time domain signal with gravity accelerometer in y direction

12. timedomaingravityaccelerometermeanz

  mean of time domain signal with gravity accelerometer in z direction

13. timedomaingravityaccelerometerstdx

  standard deviation of time domain signal with gravity accelerometer in x direction

14. timedomaingravityaccelerometerstdy

  standard deviation of time domain signal with gravity accelerometer in y direction

15. timedomaingravityaccelerometerstdz

  standard deviation of time domain signal with gravity accelerometer in z direction

16. timedomainbodyaccelerometerjerkmeanx

   mean of time domain signal with body accelerometer to derive Jerk signal in x direction

17. timedomainbodyaccelerometerjerkmeany

   mean of time domain signal with body accelerometer to derive Jerk signal in y direction

18. timedomainbodyaccelerometerjerkmeanz

   mean of time domain signal with body accelerometer to derive Jerk signal in z direction

19. timedomainbodyaccelerometerjerkstdx

   standard deviation of time domain signal with body accelerometer to derive Jerk signal in x 
direction

20. timedomainbodyaccelerometerjerkstdy

   standard deviation of time domain signal with body accelerometer to derive Jerk signal in y 
direction

21. timedomainbodyaccelerometerjerkstdz

   standard deviation of time domain signal with body accelerometer to derive Jerk signal in y 
direction

22. timedomainbodygyroscopemeanx

    mean of time domain signal with body gyroscope signal in x direction

23. timedomainbodygyroscopemeany,

    mean of time domain signal with body gyroscope signal in y direction

24. timedomainbodygyroscopemeanz

    mean of time domain signal with body gyroscope signal in z direction

25. timedomainbodygyroscopestdx

    standard deviation of time domain signal with body gyroscope signal in x direction

26. timedomainbodygyroscopestdy

    standard deviation of time domain signal with body gyroscope signal in y direction

27. timedomainbodygyroscopestdz

    standard deviation of time domain signal with body gyroscope signal in z direction

28. timedomainbodygyroscopejerkmeanx

    mean of time domain signal with body gyroscope to derive Jerk signal in x direction

29. timedomainbodygyroscopejerkmeany

    mean of time domain signal with body gyroscope to derive Jerk signal in y direction

30. timedomainbodygyroscopejerkmeanz

    mean of time domain signal with body gyroscope to derive Jerk signal in z direction

31. timedomainbodygyroscopejerkstdx

    standard deviation of time domain signal with body gyroscope to derive Jerk signal in x 
direction

32. timedomainbodygyroscopejerkstdy

    standard deviation of time domain signal with body gyroscope to derive Jerk signal in y 
direction

33. timedomainbodygyroscopejerkstdz

    standard deviation of time domain signal with body gyroscope to derive Jerk signal in z 
direction

34. timedomainbodyaccelerometermagnitudemean

     mean of time domain signal with body accelerometer in Euclidean norm calculated three-
dimensional magnitude

35. timedomainbodyaccelerometermagnitudestd

     standard deviation of time domain signal with body accelerometer in Euclidean norm 
calculated three- dimensional magnitude  

36. timedomaingravityaccelerometermagnitudemean

     mean of time domain signal with gravity accelerometer in Euclidean norm calculated three-
dimensional magnitute

37. timedomaingravityaccelerometermagnitudestd

     standard deviation of time domain signal with gravity accelerometer in Euclidean norm 
calculated three-dimensional magnitute

38. timedomainbodyaccelerometerjerkmagnitudemean

     mean of time domain signal with body accelerometer to derive Jerk signal in Euclidean norm 
calculated three dimensional magnititude

39. timedomainbodyaccelerometerjerkmagnitudestd

      standard deviation of time domain signal with body accelerometer to derive Jerk signal in 
Euclidean norm calculated three dimensional magnititude

40. timedomainbodygyroscopemagnitudemean

      mean of time domain signal with body gyroscope in Euclidean norm calculated three 
dimensional magnitude  

41. timedomainbodygyroscopemagnitudestd  
 
    standard deviation of time domain signal with body gyroscope in Euclidean norm calculated 
three dimensional magnitude

42. timedomainbodygyroscopejerkmagnitudemean

      mean of time domain signal with body gyroscope to derive Jerk siganl in Euclidean norm 
calculated three dimensional magnitude

43. timedomainbodygyroscopejerkmagnitudestd

      standard deviation of time domain signal with body gyroscope to derive Jerk siganl in 
Euclidean norm calculated three dimensional magnitude

44. frequencydomainbodyaccelerometermeanx

      mean of frequency domain signal with body accelerometer signal in x direction

45. frequencydomainbodyaccelerometermeany

      mean of frequency domain signal with body accelerometer signal in y direction

46. frequencydomainbodyaccelerometermeanz

      mean of frequency domain signal with body accelerometer signal in z direction

47. frequencydomainbodyaccelerometerstdx

      standard deviation of frequency domain signal with body accelerometer signal in x direction

48. frequencydomainbodyaccelerometerstdy

      standard deviation of frequency domain signal with body accelerometer signal in y direction

49. frequencydomainbodyaccelerometerstdz

      standard deviation of frequency domain signal with body accelerometer signal in z direction

50. frequencydomainbodyaccelerometerjerkmeanx

      mean of frequency domain signal with body accelerometer to derive Jerk signal in x direction

51. frequencydomainbodyaccelerometerjerkmeany

      mean of frequency domain signal with body accelerometer to derive Jerk signal in y direction

52. frequencydomainbodyaccelerometerjerkmeanz

      mean of frequency domain signal with body accelerometer to derive Jerk signal in z direction

53. frequencydomainbodyaccelerometerjerkstdx

      standard deviation of frequency domain signal with body accelerometer to derive Jerk signal 
in x direction

54. frequencydomainbodyaccelerometerjerkstdy

      standard deviation of frequency domain signal with body accelerometer to derive Jerk signal 
in y direction

55. frequencydomainbodyaccelerometerjerkstdz

      standard deviation of frequency domain signal with body accelerometer to derive Jerk signal 
in z direction

56. frequencydomainbodygyroscopemeanx

      mean of frequency domain signal with body gyroscope signal in x direction

57. frequencydomainbodygyroscopemeany

      mean of frequency domain signal with body gyroscope signal in y direction

58. frequencydomainbodygyroscopemeanz

      mean of frequency domain signal with body gyroscope signal in z direction

59. frequencydomainbodygyroscopestdx

      standard deviation of frequency domain signal with body gyroscope signal in x direction

60. frequencydomainbodygyroscopestdy

      standard deviation of frequency domain signal with body gyroscope signal in y direction

61. frequencydomainbodygyroscopestdz

      standard deviation of frequency domain signal with body gyroscope signal in z direction

62. frequencydomainbodyaccelerometermagnitudemean

      mean of frequency domain signal with body accelerometer signal in Euclidean normcalculated 
three-dimenstional magnitude

63. frequencydomainbodyaccelerometermagnitudestd

      standard deviation of frequency domain signal with body accelerometer signal in Euclidean 
norm calculated three-dimenstional magnitude

64. frequencydomainbodybodyaccelerometerjerkmagnitudemean

      mean of frequency domain signal with body accelerometer to derive Jerk signal in Euclidean 
norm calculated three-dimenstional magnitude

65. frequencydomainbodybodyaccelerometerjerkmagnitudestd

      standard deviation of frequency domain signal with body accelerometer to derive Jerk signal 
signal in Euclidean norm calculated three-dimenstional magnitude

66. frequencydomainbodygyroscopemagnitudemean
      mean of frequency domain signal with body gyroscope in Euclidean norm calculated three-
dimenstional magnitude      

67. frequencydomainbodybodygyroscopemagnitudestd

      standard deviation of frequency domain signal with body gyroscope in Euclidean norm 
calculated three-dimenstional magnitude

68. frequencydomainbodygyroscopejerkmagnitudemean

      mean of frequency domain signal with body gyroscope to derive Jerk signal in Euclidean 
norm calculated three-dimenstional magnitude